Document new WAL errors (#392)
powersync-ja/powersync-docs: maintenance-ops/self-hosting/diagnostics.mdx

api:
  tokens:
    - YOUR_API_TOKEN
```

<Warning>Use a secure, randomly generated API token.</Warning>

2. Restart the PowerSync Service.

3. Send a POST request to the diagnostics endpoint, passing the token as a Bearer token:

```shell
curl -X POST http://localhost:8080/api/admin/v1/diagnostics \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer YOUR_API_TOKEN"
```

### Response structure

The response `data` object contains information about:

**`connections`** — whether PowerSync can reach the configured source database, and any connection-level errors.

**`active_sync_rules`** — the currently serving sync config (Sync Streams/Sync Rules). Shows which replication slot is in use, whether the initial snapshot has completed, replication lag, which tables are being replicated, and any errors.

**`deploying_sync_rules`** — only present while a new sync config is being deployed. PowerSync runs the new snapshot in parallel so clients continue to be served by the existing active config. Once the snapshot completes, this section disappears and `active_sync_rules` updates. Errors during deployment (snapshot failures, configuration problems) surface here rather than in `active_sync_rules`.

> For Postgres sources on version 13 or later, each connection entry in `active_sync_rules` also includes `wal_status`, `safe_wal_size`, and `max_slot_wal_keep_size`. These fields show how much WAL budget remains before the replication slot could be invalidated, which is particularly useful to monitor when deploying a new sync config against a large database. See [`PSYNC_S1146`](/debugging/error-codes#psync_s11xx-postgres-replication-issues) for details on slot invalidation and how to resolve it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Postgres sources on version 13 or later, each connection entry in `active_sync_rules` also includes `wal_status`, `safe_wal_size`, and `max_slot_wal_keep_size`. These fields show how much WAL budget remains before the replication slot could be invalidated, which is particularly useful to monitor when deploying a new sync config against a large database. When the WAL budget drops below 50%, a warning appears in the sync rules errors array. If the slot is fully invalidated, the error is reported via `last_fatal_error` with code [`PSYNC_S1146`](/debugging/error-codes#psync_s11xx-postgres-replication-issues).
```
